# A Space Dwarf Mining Game

Hundreds of years ago, in AD 1454, the first *surviving* moon-voyagers landed on the rocky surface, and for 75 years the whole of humanity could interact and trade with the moon. Moon-dust became a prime commidity, and its crystals adorned the crowns of every ruler in the Old World; of course, the most interesting discovery was that of an entirely new landmass, appropriately named "Lunea," after its lunar discoverers. But, soon after the first Old World travellers came home, chaos spread across the globe. The biospheres of the Old and Lune, most importantly their bacteria (then unknown to them) intermingled and wreaked havoc. For the Luneans, who suffered an approximate 68% population loss and the complete destruction of may of the more advanced, city-dwelling groups, their discovery was a tragedy; for the Old-Worlders, the destruction could be only bested by the Lord's great Rapture, for approximately 89% of Europeans, 76% of North Africans, and at this junction unknown numbers of Asians perished from horrific diseases brought forth from Lunea, with symptoms too vile to describe here. All this was unknown to the Moonborne until their once-a-decade resupply ship came home with four survivors from Japan, one of the places least hit by the spread (some inter-continental contact near the time of Jesus had given some Japanese families a genetic advantage against the worst of the Lunean diseases, though at the time it was only percieved as a comic blessing). The last stronghold of humanity, the Moonborne split into a stressed, factional group, broken from their previous exploratory unity by a different infestation: the tantalizing potential of world domination. Live on this moon, and hopefully, you'll end up on the right side of the battle.

---

Tileset -- [Crater Caverns](https://chimplement.itch.io/crater-caverns) by Chimplement
Support Libraries -- [STC by Tyge Løvset](https://github.com/stclib/STC) and [TOMLC99 by CK Tan](https://github.com/cktan/tomlc99)
